Archer v2 bug (#13533)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcherRSA/ReleaseNotes/1_1_19.md

#### Integrations
##### RSA Archer v2

> - Added an API Endpoint as a parameter, with the name API Endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue of hard coded API endpoints in the code by adding a new *API Endpoint* parameter to the integration.
```
